# BookWise: AI Book Recommender

BookWise is an AI-powered book recommendation system built with Flask. It leverages machine learning algorithms to provide personalized book suggestions based on users' preferences and reading habits.

## Features
- **Personalized Recommendations:** BookWise analyzes user behavior and preferences to offer tailored book recommendations, ensuring a personalized reading experience.
- **User-Friendly Interface:** The app boasts an intuitive and easy-to-use interface, making it simple for users to navigate and discover new books.
- **Integration with Online Bookstores:** BookWise seamlessly integrates with popular online bookstores, allowing users to purchase recommended books with ease.

## Installation
1. **Clone the Repository:** Begin by cloning the BookWise repository to your local machine.
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/DeependraVerma/BookWise-AI-Book-Recommender.git
   cd BookWise-AI-Book-Recommender
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies:** Install the required Python packages listed in the `requirements.txt` file.
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage
1. **Run the Flask App:** Start the Flask server to launch the BookWise application.
   ```bash
   python app.py
   ```

2. **Access the Application:** Open your web browser and navigate to [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) to access the BookWise app.

3. **Explore Recommendations:** Browse through the personalized book recommendations generated by BookWise based on your preferences.

## About the Author
**Deependra Verma**  
Passionate Data Scientist and Developer  

- **Email:** deependra.verma00@gmail.com  
- **Portfolio:** [Explore my portfolio](https://deependradatascience-productportfolio.netlify.app/)  
- **LinkedIn:** [Connect with me on LinkedIn](linkedin.com/in/deependra-verma-data-science)  
- **GitHub:** [Follow me on GitHub](https://github.com/DeependraVerma)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. For more information, refer to the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.